split up ecsql reference into indiviual files, remove iframed iModel … (#6377)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/learning/ECSqlReference/ECSqlKeywords.md

| N   | `NATURAL`, `NAVIGATION_VALUE` `NO`, `NOCASE`, `NOT`, `NTH_VALUE`, `NTILE`, `NULL`, `NULLS`                                              |
| O   | `OFFSET`, `ON`, `ONLY`, `OPTIONS`, `OR`, `ORDER`, `OTHERS`, `OUTER`, `OVER`                                                             |
| P   | `PARTITION`, `PERCENT_RANK`, `PRAGMA`, `PRECEDING`, `RANGE`, `RANK`, `REAL`, `RECURSIVE`, `RIGHT`, `ROW`, `ROW_NUMBER`, `ROWS`, `RTRIM` |
| S   | `SELECT`, `SET`, `SOME`, `STRING`, `SUM`                                                                                                |
| T   | `THEN`, `TIES`, `TIME`, `TIMESTAMP`, `TOTAL`, `TRUE`                                                                                    |
| U   | `UNBOUNDED`, `UNION`, `UNIQUE`, `UNKNOWN`, `UPDATE`, `USING`                                                                            |
| V   | `VALUE`, `VALUES` ,`VARCHAR`                                                                                                            |
| W   | `WHEN`, `WHERE`, `WINDOW`, `WITH`                                                                                                       |

## Escaping keywords

> ECSQL has large set of [keywords](#ecsql-keywords). Keywords sometime appear in query as class name, property name or parameter name, cte block name or aliases and will result in query to fail. To fix it the keyword need to be quoted or escaped. Following is different ways keywords can be escaped. In ECSQL is preferred to escape using square brackets e.g. `[keyword]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECSQL has a large set of [keywords](#ecsql-keywords). Keywords sometime appear in queries as class names, property names or parameter names, cte block names or aliases and will cause the query to fail. To fix it, the keyword needs to be quoted or escaped. The following are different ways keywords can be escaped. In ECSQL it is preferred to escape using square brackets e.g. `[keyword]`.
```
